So on offer bookings, we need to extract that ID of the place we loaded
and for that, I'll actually store the whole place here in a property of the offer bookings page class,
for that you need to import that place model and to get access to the dynamic parts in our URL, we
can use the activated route and
I'll just name it route here, that property
but the type is activated route which you need to import from @angular/router.
This then allows us to subscribe to changes to our route params in the URL which is where we do store
that dynamic segment.
So here we can set up this root param map subscribe, by the way with all the information about caching
pages and so on, the subscription here will live on even if the page is invisible and therefore you don't
need to do this in ionViewWillEnter or anything like this,
it's OK if you do it in ngOnInit, this will be set up one time but it will then automatically update
even if you are coming back from another page that did change that selected place ID because that subscription
that listens to changes in the URLs will always be live, no matter if the page is currently visible
or not visible
and no matter if ngOnInit executed once or five times. It's managed for you by Angular, this subscription
and therefore you can rely on getting the latest place ID or any dynamic segment you might have all
the time.
So in here, you get that param map object and now we first of all can check if we don't have our place
ID for some reason, if that would be the case, then I want to navigate away and then we can actually
use the nav controller now by injecting nav controller here, from @ionic/angular is where you have
to import it
and now if we don't have a place ID for whatever reason, then I want to navigate back here to places
tabs offers. I'll also return here so that other code doesn't get executed in here.
If we do have a place ID, well then we simply want to store or we want to load the place with that
ID and for this, we'll needs to place service because that is where we have the places.
So our places service is what we need to inject as well and for that of course, you also need to add
the import to places service and then down there, we can set this place equal to this places service
places which is a list of all the places and there we could now find our fitting place by executing
a function on it where we get the place as an input because this function executes on every element
in the places array and then we need to return true if that is the place we want and then the execution
will stop and it will return that place here and store it in this place and true should be returned
when the ID of the place we're looking at here is equal to param map get place ID.
Alternatively, you could outsource this logic into a function in the service and that is what I will do.
So in the places service, I will add a get place method where I pass in the ID of the place and then
in here, I return this underscore places, accessing my private places array, find comparing the ID here, not
to param map get place ID, I don't have access to that here but simply to the ID we're getting
as an argument and I return that and I will clone that entire object like this using the spread operator
here and then I pull out all the properties of the place object we retrieved here and add them into a
new object so that if we now were to add it, this object, we wouldn't edit the original object which is
a good pattern and a good habit to get into.
So we have the get place method,
therefore here on places service, I now call get place and I now pass param map get place ID
to this get place method. This now gives us access to the place and we have access to this place in our
entire component here now.
Therefore for one, I can adjust the title and can adjust this to place title and for constructing this
link here, now we can do that,
now we can go to /places tabs offers and then our place ID,
so that dynamic segment here. Let's give that a try,
if I now click edit here, we are editing the Manhattan mansion by the looks of it and nothing happens
because I of course have the wrong link.
This is the link of the page we already are on, of the offer bookings page.
If we have a quick look at the places-routing module again,
I of course want to go to edit/ and then that place ID,
so the correct path here would be another segment,
the edit segment after offers and then the place ID.
So now let's wait for this to reload and this takes us to the edit offer page. So we can reach that
page too,
let's now just adjust the title a little bit,
add an offer and we're good.